feat: multiple skips (#148)
ipfs/gateway-conformance: README.md

> ### Skip a specific test

Reviewer: Could  we add `### Run only a specific test` with example that uses go's `go test -run <pattern>` and use the same pattern as in the skip example?

> Tests are skipped using the `--skip` parameter and Go's standard syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests can be skipped using the `--skip` parameter which follows `go test -skip regex` syntax, but can be passed more than once for convenience:
```

```bash
gateway-conformance test --skip 'TestGatewayCar/GET_response_for_application/vnd.ipld.car/Header_Content-Length'

> gateway-conformance test --skip 'TestGatewayCar/.*/vnd.ipld.car' --skip 'TestGatewayCar/GET_response_for_application/vnd.*'

Author: highlight: use in CLI
